[docs] Update Setting-up-your-Manager-Instance.rst to match new EC2 launch GUI (#1036)
firesim/firesim: docs/Initial-Setup/Setting-up-your-Manager-Instance.rst

Launching a "Manager Instance"
------------------------------

.. warning::
    These instructions refer to fields in EC2's new launch instance

>     wizard. Refer to version 1.13 of the documentation for references to the old

Reviewer: I would prefer this as a link to the 1.13.x docs. Maybe just point to `1.13.4` for now? Or maybe just mark this in an issue that we resolve when we release (so we can get the latest minor release).

To launch a manager instance, follow these steps:

> #. From the main page of the EC2 Management Console, click

Reviewer: Until the new launch experience is required, I think we should mention that these instructions are for that experience. Maybe a warning?

Author: Good idea.

Author: https://github.com/firesim/firesim/pull/1036/files#diff-ca8616060cacf383a14a75e23f9ad117cccfe1c7bd2c5407eecc07349b9bce53R7

Author: https://github.com/firesim/firesim/pull/1036/files#diff-ca8616060cacf383a14a75e23f9ad117cccfe1c7bd2c5407eecc07349b9bce53R7

   ``Launch Instance``. We use an on-demand instance here, so that your
   data is preserved when you stop/start the instance, and your data is
   not lost when pricing spikes on the spot market.
#. In the "Application and OS Images" drop down, search for

>    ``FPGA Developer AMI - 1.11.1-40257ab5-6688-4c95-97d1-e251a40fd1fc`` and select the AMI that appears under the Community AMI tab(there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``FPGA Developer AMI - 1.11.1-40257ab5-6688-4c95-97d1-e251a40fd1fc`` and select the AMI that appears under the Community AMI tab (there
```

   should be only one). **DO NOT USE ANY OTHER VERSION.**

> #. In the "Intance Type" drop down, select the instance type of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In the "Instance Type" drop-down, select the instance type of
```

   your choosing. A good choice is a ``c5.4xlarge`` (16 cores, 32 GiB) or a ``z1d.2xlarge`` (8 cores, 64 GiB).

> #. In the "Key pair (login)" drop down, select the firesim key pair we setup earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In the "Key pair (login)" drop-down, select the "firesim" key pair we setup earlier.
```

> #. In the "Network settings" drop down:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In the "Network settings" drop-down click "edit" and modify the following settings:
```

   you accumulate large Vivado reports/outputs, large waveforms, XSim outputs,
   and large root filesystems for simulations. You should get rid of the
   small (5-8GB) secondary volume that is added by default.
   
#. In the "Advanced details" drop down, we'll leave most settings unchanged. The exceptions being:
   #. Under "Termination protection", select Enable. This adds a layer of protection to prevent your
      manager instance from being terminated by accident. You will need
      to disable this setting before being able to terminate the
      instance using usual methods.
   #. Under "User data", paste the following into the provided textbox: 

      .. include:: /../scripts/machine-launch-script.sh
         :code: bash

      When your instance boots, this will install a compatible set of all the dependencies needed to run FireSim on your instance using conda.
#. Double check your configuration. The most common misconfigurations that may require repeating this process include:
   #. Not selecting the "firesim" vpc.
   #. Not selecting the "firesim" security group.
   #. Not selecting the "firesim" key pair.
   #. Selecting the wrong AMI.

> #. Smash the orange "Launch Instance" button.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Click the orange "Launch Instance" button. 
```
Woah there. Take a deep breath.

Author: Sad.

Reviewer: You should post this to your LinkedIn post to show that SiFive is hip (context for the lurkers out there: https://www.linkedin.com/posts/david-biancolin-57503065_anyone-interested-in-writing-high-performance-activity-6922737913940127744-QwvW?utm_source=linkedin_share&utm_medium=member_desktop_web)

   you accumulate large Vivado reports/outputs, large waveforms, XSim outputs,
   and large root filesystems for simulations. You should get rid of the
   small (5-8GB) secondary volume that is added by default.
#. In the *Advanced details* drop-down, we'll leave most settings unchanged. The exceptions being:

   #. Under *Termination protection*, select Enable. This adds a layer of
      protection to prevent your manager instance from being terminated by
      accident. You will need to disable this setting before being able to
      terminate the instance using usual methods.
   #. Under *User data*, paste the following into the provided textbox:

      .. include:: /../scripts/machine-launch-script.sh
         :code: bash

   When your instance boots, this will install a compatible set of all the dependencies needed to run FireSim on your instance using conda.

#. Double check your configuration. The most common misconfigurations that may require repeating this process include:

   #. Not selecting the ``firesim`` vpc.
   #. Not selecting the ``firesim`` security group.
   #. Not selecting the ``firesim`` key pair.
   #. Selecting the wrong AMI.

> #. Click the orange "Launch Instance" button.

Reviewer: Nit: When is " " vs * * used? I see that the "Launch Instance" is in quotes but similar buttons are in * * (i.e. edit). This should probably also apply to choices in dropdowns like the termination protection section (i.e. Enable).

Author: I wanted to italicize all of the EC2 literal text. I missed this instance.

> #. Click the orange "Launch Instance" button.

Author: ```suggestion
#. Click the orange *Launch Instance* button.
```

To launch a manager instance, follow these steps:

#. From the main page of the EC2 Management Console, click

>    *Launch Instance*. We use an on-demand instance here, so that your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    *Launch Instance ▼* button and click *Launch Instance* in the dropdown that appears. We use an on-demand instance here, so that your
```

   data is preserved when you stop/start the instance, and your data is

>    not lost when pricing spikes on the spot market.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   not lost when pricing spikes on the spot market.
#. In the *Name* field, give the instance a recognizable name, for example ``firesim-manager-1``. This is purely for your own convenience and can also be left blank.
```

Reviewer 2: (pointless, but not telling users what to put for the first field on the page felt wrong)

> #. In the *Application and OS Images* drop-down, search for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. In the *Application and OS Images* search box, search for
```

   ``FPGA Developer AMI - 1.11.1-40257ab5-6688-4c95-97d1-e251a40fd1fc`` and

>    select the AMI that appears under the Community AMI tab (there

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   select the AMI that appears under the *Community AMIs* tab (there
```

>    should be only one). **DO NOT USE ANY OTHER VERSION.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   should be only one). **DO NOT USE ANY OTHER VERSION.** For example, **do not** use `FPGA Developer AMI` from the *AWS Marketplace AMIs* tab, as you will likely get an incorrect version of the AMI.
```

#. In the *Instance Type* drop-down, select the instance type of
   your choosing. A good choice is a ``c5.4xlarge`` (16 cores, 32 GiB) or a ``z1d.2xlarge`` (8 cores, 64 GiB).
#. In the *Key pair (login)* drop-down, select the ``firesim`` key pair we setup earlier.
#. In the *Network settings* drop-down click *edit* and modify the following settings:

>    #. Under *VPC - required*, select the ``firesim`` vpc. The dialog will select a subnet for you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   #. Under *VPC - required*, select the ``firesim`` VPC. Any subnet within the ``firesim`` VPC is fine.
```

   #. Under *Firewall (security groups)*, click *Select existing security

>       group* and the ``firesim`` security group that was automatically

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      group* and in the *Common security groups* dropdown that appears, select the ``firesim`` security group that was automatically
```

      created for you earlier.

> #. In the *Configure storage* drop-down, increase the size of the root

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. In the *Configure storage* section, increase the size of the root
```

   volume to at least 300GB. The default of 85GB can quickly become too small as
   you accumulate large Vivado reports/outputs, large waveforms, XSim outputs,

>    and large root filesystems for simulations. You should get rid of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   and large root filesystems for simulations. You should remove the
```
